Chrome extension to help find DOM-related vulnerabilities as a solo project. It is meant to be a 
helper, not to find vulnerabilities on it's own. 

The Idea:
- I press a button in the chrome extension
- The extension parses the DOM and opens a dialogue box for me.
- I type in the name of a variable or element, and the extension looks for every instance of that element being called 
  in the DOM and makes a little minified javascript version that only contains the edits to the element that i can easily parse.
- Should work for minified JS

For example after parsing a JS file, this would be the return:
let x = {user_input}
x += 5
x = blah

Then this lets me easily edit the value of x at the start and test different outputs of what x could return.

The Plan:

1. Obtain the current page's HTML

2. look for all instances of an external script being loaded.

3. Fetch the javascript contents of all the scripts being loaded from the context of the current browser (so no cors)

4. Save the contents of each file into it's own array index

5. Open a textbox for the user

6. User types in the name of a variable

6.5. Open an empty popup

7. Use Acorn to parse each of the JS files into its own AST.

8. Find all instances of that variable being used via acorn (acorn.walk). Paste all findings into the opened popup IN ORDER

9. If a function is called in the page, identify the function being called via acorn and paste it's content into the resulting popup

10. If any functions that are used and ARENT defined in the current page, then parse through all the dependency files to find it.

11. If no function is found, error out.

12. The popup should now contain all instances of that element/variable being changed or called in any way.

Use Acorn (https://www.npmjs.com/package/acorn) or babel/parser (https://babeljs.io/docs/babel-parser) to build the javascript code into an AST

Estree:
A heirarchical structure similar to HTML. A Program node contains every single node parsed in the tree. Underneath that node contains
numerous nodes classified based on what they do.

Normal AST Stuff:
Expression: Something which evaluates to a value. Example: 1+2/x
Statement: A line of code which does something. Example: GOTO 100


These statements and expressions are parsed into an AST containing numerous that build up the original program's functionality:
VariableDeclaration - The declaration of a variable.
                      Kind: defines how it was initialied (let, const, var)
FunctionDeclaration - The declaration of a function.\
                      Identifier: It's name, whether it is async or not, its parameters.
                      BlockStatement: Everything that is inside of it's parenthesis.
CallExpression - When a function is called.
                 Callee: the identifier of the funcion being called.
                 Arguments: The identifiers of the Arguments
IfStatement - self-explanatory
              BinaryExpression - contains the data types (Identifier/Literal) and operators

ExpressionStatement - contains a full expression, dividing its process up inside of the statement.
      AssignmentExpression - Assigning a value to something (x = 5)
          Identifier - The name of a function/variable. Basically any pointer.
          Literal - A solid, unchanging value like 5.